# Game Mechanics
  - A daily quest type scenario.  
    Every day the town you are in is invaded by a wave of enemies. 
    You can cause the waves to cease by finding the monster or enemy somewhere 
    out in the wilderness who is sending out these waves of enemies.  
    Every day that you don't go out and kill this special enemy , 
    or accomplish whatever quest is spawning these waves of enemies, 
    the waves will get increasingly more difficult.                
    So it beehooves you to accomplish it relatively quickly.
  
  - Factions
    One of the areas you visit will have two opposing factions who do not like eachother.
    Whichever side you help gives you access to their quests and quest chains, items, vendors,
    etc. It remains to be decided if you will then fight the other faction or if you simply
    lose access to what they offer.
    
  - Light vampires vs Dark vampires
    This area will have you helping the light vampires defeat the dark vampires.
    The light vampires are a sect of holy warriors who have been cursed by the dark vampires.
    These light vampires did not succumb wholly to the dark vampires corruption. This is because 
    their devotion to the light was enough to dampen the corruptions power, but not entirely.
    Although the light vampires require blood to survive, they still retain some of their humanity
    and are able to sake their thirst with animal rather than human blood.
    
  
  - Certain town wont let you in unless you satisfy some requirement.
    I was thinking that a certain town would have archers along its wooden ramparts
    and they will fire on you if you get too close.  No one will tell you this but
    there is a dog trapped in the wilderness in a bear trap.  If you find and let her
    free, she will stick with you.  Once you have the dog with you, one of the archers
    along the wall of this town will recognize the dog and they will let you in. They will
    still be somewhat suspicious of you, but you will now have access to the town.
    Once in the town, you will have access to the town's first quest.  Once you accomplish
    this quest, you will gain access to more quests and possibly training, weapons, etc.
    
