@ Quest Ideas
  
  # Aos Si.
    In Irish and Scottish legend, sidhe are these mounds that dot the landscape.
    The Aes or Aos Si / Aes Sidhe (there are many spelling depending on which
    celtic lore you are looking at) are the people of the mounds. In fact
    many of these sites are ancient burial grounds of the pre-celtic people
    of Ireland. [https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aos_S%C3%AD]
    My understanding is that fairies inhabit some of these mounds
    or they reside in certain trees, or lochs.  Im sure we can come up with some quests
    pertaining to these!
  
  # Missing Daughter.
    Daughter goes missing in swamp, must find her.  There is an enemy type, the siren.  
    A demon that looks and sounds like a human to attract hapless victims.
    The idea is that after running into the trap of several sirens, you start to second guess
    whether the girl you have stumbled upon is really the lost girl or simply another siren.
    
  # Undead Keep
    Out in one of the swamps are the ruins of a small and what was once upon a time, a noble kingdom.
    Now the tower is abandoned and all signs of a once prosperous little kingdom, have vanished.
    As of late however, folk have seen strange lights and noises coming from that part of the swamp.
    Anyone who has ventured too close, never returned to inform the living of what they discovered... 
    [this is one of those daily spawn wave quests. waves of undead will pour forth every day from this 
    swamp keep until the source of undeath is put to rest.]

  # Bandit Cavern
    If you travel far enough down the shore, there is a deep system of caverns where a group of bandits is hiding out.
    If you can fight your way to the bottom of the cavern and defeat the head boss and his minions,
    you will be rewarded handsomely.

  # Banshee
    One of the towns is being haunted by a restless banshee.  Every few nights she has been returning to the town,
    to kill one of its inhabitants.  You must find her hiding place and put an end to her reign of terror.  
    Similar to the spawn waves of enemies quests, she will not stop killing townsfolk until you find the place
    or object that is tethering her to the mortal realm.

  # Demon Hogger
    Poisoned crops. 
    Another hamlet that you visit is suffering because someone or something is poisoning the food-supply.

  # Werewolf.
    I imagine some kind of Transylvania type area and town which protects a mountain pass.  You must travel through
    this mountain pass to reach the next area, but the person in charge of the caravan wont risk the lives of his horses and
    the goods in his caravan until you bring back proof of that the werewolf stalking the woods has been dealt with.

  # Spider Mine
    In the mountain village there is a blacksmith, famous across the realm for the weapons she creates.  The weapons
    are so sought after because they are made from a special metal from a nearby mine.  She has not been able to practice her
    craft as of late because the mine that supplies the ore is home to some new residents.  Deadly spiders.  In fact, the
    queen spider deep in the mine is so prolific in her egg-laying that every day spiders pour forth to attack the village.
    If you slay the massive arachnid, the villagers will be able to return to harvest the ore and the blacksmith can make
    you a fabulous weapon for your troubles.

  # Cursed Armor
    While adventuring, you find a cave that goes back quite a ways.  At the end of the cave there is a treasure chest and
    inside is some kind of armor. Upon first inspection the stats for the armor seem really good, it will most likely be
    quite an improvement to whatever you are currently wearing.  You can even wear it and notice a boost in your stats.
    However, upon donning the armor you will notice that it cannot be removed. This will seem strange and you might even
    think it is a bug, but you will learn soon enough that the treasure is cursed. For awhile it will be nice having improved
    stats, you can kill enemies more easily.  After a period of time though you will start to notice your stats decreasing.
    You will have to find someone who knows how to remove the accursed armor.
  
  # Poisonous swamp
    One of the swamps you can enter will be so foul that the very air you breathe is toxic. To be able to adventure very far
    into the swamp you must first have learned how to make a certain potion or perhaps how to cast a spell that will keep
    you from losing so much health that the swamp is effectively impassable.
  
  
  # Crypt of Horrors
    There is a crypt that is haunted by a presence so malevolent that you must be in possession of a special ankh of protection
    which keeps the evil spirit(s) at bay.  If you try to enter the crypt without this ankh you will either lose health very fast
    or perhaps your vision will be reduced to nearly zero, and you will be inundated with so many waves of some kind of undead
    that you will certainly die before reaching the loot at the end of this dungeon.
  
  
  # Tomb of Insects
    You have been informed by a traveling companion that there is a graveyard up ahead which is said to hold some very powerful
    items. In the graveyard is a tomb.  If you try to descend into the tomb without a torch or some ability to make fire,
    you will be overwhelmed by insects.  Fire will keep them at bay however.
  
  # Dungeon(s) of traps
    In these dungeons, it is not the enemies which are most dangerous , it is the several traps and pitfalls that you 
    must maneuver through to get to the treasure at the end.
  
  # Cave of Riddles
    Upon entrance to this cave, you will be greeted by a gollum-like creature. It will tell you that it is seeking some kind
    of loot somewhere in the dungeon.  To reach it however you must work together. There will be puzzles that require two bodies
    in order to complete.
  
  # Hollow of Sacrifice
    While adventuring you may stumble across this copse of trees, and one of them has a hollow that you can crawl into.
    Once inside you will meet a treant of sorts. Think of a tree-humanoid who is part of the tree's root system and cannot move.
    He will tell you a story about how he once was an adventurer like you and he made a terrible pact in order to save his people.
    The cost of saving his people was that he would be forever entombed in this tree.  He lets you know that he has in his
    possession an artifact of great power.  He offers it to you but you must exchange one of your valuables in return.
  
  
  
  
  
  
  



